Hao Gu
S3729549    
  
GitHub Repo-https://github.com/HaoGus3729549/COSC1078

GitHub Pages-
















My profile
My name is Gu Hao, I am from China. I am so glad to come to RMIT university, my major course is Information Technology which is IT.
I have had studied in REW in 2019 for a period which was a very wonderful experience. I love teachers¡¯ way in education, make me gained much more knowledge about Australia is quite a powerful nation in tourism and education and other parts associated with many other nations.
 
Interest in IT
I am so interested in IT course, so that I have made a plan to how to handle with this my dream course. Because a few years ago I went to a power plant I have seen so many huge machines were controlling just by a computer, and then make power to thousands and thousands of families to use in life. What an unbelievable story, I will not trust if I had seen it by myself.
 
 
Ideal Job
My ideal job is to use just a laptop can control machine that could reduce mankind things, for instance: check a car is going fine or some parts inside if is broken, or big scale machine to maintain or make it simple as one man can controlling.
In other side of work, Information Technology could develop many high technologies in many fields. Such as AI machine robots is a typical section, AI could do many dangerous works like search mines in war, taking care of heavy patients in the ICU that normal people cannot do things, just like covid-19 patients lying in the ICU beds so AI robots could get inside the patients¡¯ rooms and do the things that must be isolated for now. At that time, AI robots need Information Technology¡¯s fields expects to make the program and modify the rules¡¯ and make the programs much steadier. And make it safer.


Project Ideas
Regard to this theme, actually I need to finish the work that teachers ask me to do, to do it better as possible as I can do best. For example, to understand the assignments about course study very dedicated to, and learn more current facilities, perhaps give me more inspirations in my major study cases. Just like make a survey about how AI machines could do some modify data jobs by themselves and make it safe in the same time. Maybe it is impossible thing at this moment. But with time goes by, it is a feasibility thing that IT fields¡¯ people could keep trying to. 


Presentation
Hi, dear teachers and classmates, my name is Gu Hao, and my student number is :3729549. It is my honor to give a presentation here like this way.
Firstly, let me introduce what is Information Technoogy.  A general term for various technologies used primarily to manage and process information. It mainly uses computer science and communication technology to design, develop, install and implement information systems and application software. It is also often referred to as information and communication technology,
It mainly includes sensing technology, computer and intelligence technology, communication technology and control technology.
Secondly, Information technology refers to a variety of methods, tools and skills that can make full use of and expand the functions of human information organs. This definition emphasizes the philosophical elaboration of the essential relationship between information technology and human beings. It refers to the totally various technologies for information collection, transmission, storage, processing and expression. This definition points outs a general understanding of the functions and processes of information technology.
Lastly, With the fast development of information technology in the world, the world's demand for information is growing rapidly. Information products and information services are indispensable to all countries, regions, enterprises, units, families and individuals. Information technology has become the cornerstone of today's economic activities and social life.
Ok, that¡¯s all for today, thanks!

